Next step on an application is to implement a reflection point that will allow us to refresh the access
token that we have.
Okay, we start in the controller.
We keep the same consistency.
We try to start in same place.
We'll implement a post mapping.
Value will be done.
Refresh.
Public method that will return a refresh refresh response to be my aim, my video.
And here is where it gets interesting.
I wouldn't inject a cookie in spring.
These just these invitation cookie value and I need to specify the name of the cookie.
So refresh token to be of type screen going to be my refresh token.
And I need also my HTP servlet response.
I end of the response so I will needs this method here.
Actually, I'm not sorry.
I will not need this year for sure.
You just refresh, Duncan.
And here.
And we'll return.
I still need to refine this refresh response.
So record refresh response.
Strong message.
I just want to have a message with a token for now.
I would refresh.
And you only think.
So your uncle, you still don't know anything else they have to do here is to to to fetch to to return
to the entity with to fetch that user.
So return.
New refresh response.
What service?
And here I'm just checking.
Still deciding what I'm going to use.
What?
Service.
Refresh.
Access.
Refresh access.
And they have to pass refresh like.
Okay, this method doesn't exist.
So it means I need to create.
It will return a token, not a string.
So this will cause an issue here.
It will cause an issue here because if this returns a token we need to do get to.
It's.
Its soft for for controller is soft.
So refresh axis, what are we going to do in the refresh since we are going to.
We have the refresh token.
We will find a user for the refresh token and we just need to provide a new access token.
How will this work?
So we already built a method that allows us to get a user ID from tokens.
So in token.
From refresh skin.
Refreshed or constricted.
We build reusable methods whenever, whatever, whatever we can, we can.
In this case, we built already method that we can use now.
So we use it.
We don't need to repeat code.
And.
After.
We just need to get.
And you logging.
So what I'm going to do here in the logging class.
In log in class.
I'm going I'm going to write in letters that will allow me to refresh token because my and the logic
of of log in is being handled here.
It's where I'm defining I in the logic of building the token itself using the token class, but the
logic of and the link to the log in, it's done here.
So we built a public.
Static.
A logging of.
Long user ID.
Long Israeli.
String axis secret.
And talking.
And a refreshed look in this case to be a string, I'll say token refresh took.
Yeah.
And it's important to build it as a token because if it was a string, we already have a method like
this, so it will not be possible and we will return.
And you log in.
Which will contain a token.
Of you already.
One out.
Access secret.
And the other will be.
My refreshed looking.
That's it.
Okay.
And then in my token class.
In my service class.
And we live off our logging.
Logging of.
User I.D. So I get my user I.D., I get my access token secret and I will have a token.
I want to reuse my refresh token.
So in this case, I will not be able to build.
At a token.
Of me no matter like this.
Because I define it as immutable and I didn't want to have this constructor, so I will add the new
method.
Token of refresh talk.
Okay.
So.
Like this.
I have my token
building through the metal glass and it could be a bit weird why we are using factory methods instead
of just allowing to instantiate token zero in there.
It's an option.
I prefer sometimes to to this kind of objects that they are almost immutable by nature.
I prefer to have this these kind of things to to avoid having people initiating them and charging them,
etc..
You just want one different button.
And we started it to include a button, so we will keep using it.
So in this case, I have my token.
I have my log in.
I will return my logging.
I have an error, of course, because this is.
Blogging, not talking.
And this could be changed to an inland variable.
And these can also be adults and there is no real gain.
So in this case, to get access to conduct get.
But it's the same same thing.
So we can run.
This.
We will test this by getting a.
My logging user.
Logging my user.
I have my cookie here.
So now when I call my refreshed token.
I am able to refresh it and I have a new access token because I have my cookie.
I have the cookie in the request.
And I was able to work with it.
I have my cookie.
You.
So it works as we expected.
And we also use the bits and different buttons in in Java to have this log in and token and encapsulated
and not contained and not incentivising people to just build instances whenever they can.
Most importantly, we preserve the logic.
We have this definition of the validity.
It's always in the same place, which means that even if we want to make it customisable, we could.
But a good start.
Private static final.
And.
Access token validity.
When hell, I'm missing the tape.
It is long.
These as well.
So access token validity.
Access token validity.
Refresh.
Refresh talking to you.
So it's.
1440.
So it's good when we have all the same responsibility in one class.
In this case, my class logging is responsible for creating new tokens and to manage my, my, my logged
in status is managed here and my token ID class is just responsible to do the building and passing of
the JWT token from string to something and extract something from.
That's that string.
And my app or service is the notification service.
So he's responsible for everything, everything else.